Update index.md (#2120)
api-platform/docs: symfony/index.md

```

Doctrine's [attributes](https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-orm/en/current/reference/attributes-reference.html) map these entities to tables in the database.

> Mapping through [annotations](https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-annotations/en/2.0/index.html)  is still supported for backward compatibility, but they are considered deprecated and attributes are now the recommended approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapping through [annotations](https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-annotations/en/current/index.html)  is still supported for backward compatibility, but they are considered deprecated and attributes are now the recommended approach.
```

Author: Done ty
